# TG3 - 2023-06-27

## Folks

- Chris de Almeida
- Kris Kowal
- Mark Miller
- Mathieu Hofman
- Daniel Veditz
- Michael Ficarra
- Chip Morningstar
- Richard Gibson

## Agenda

- chair(s) vacancy
  - proposed group: CDA, JHD

consideration of future meeting frequency and length, APAC-friendly times

- SES mtg: 10-11 TZ?
  - once a month, in lieu of SES mtg, use slot for TG3
- ACTION: CDA - speak w/ Jack Works and hax on ideal time options for an APAC-friendly mtg

tombstoning TG3 room

- create new room
- tombstone old room
- switch room id for archival

Electing a Speaker for TG3

- is this different than the chair group?
- MF reluctantly volunteers

TG3 repo: <https://github.com/tc39/tg3>

### Future agenda

- Strategies used and features/invariants relied upon to write secure programs today (Michael Ficarra)
- Adopting something like the W3C Self-Review Questionnaire: Security and Privacy
  - IETF has a similar doc: <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3552>
- open issues: <https://github.com/tc39/security/issues>
- outreach
- ACTION: reach out to Natalie Silvanovich for interest in participation
- ACTION: do we move any issues from public `security` repo?
- incoming and outgoing vulnerability disclosure policy
  - do we want TC39/TG3 to accept report?
    - yes
  - only have one central point for reporting
  - how does vuln disclosure work wrt stage 3 proposals that may be undergoing implementation, already implemented, polyfills, etc
- private issues in security repo
- Discoverability of hidden intrinsics (Mathieu Hofman)
- How to mark spec internal objects as not exposed to user code (Mathieu Hofman)
- Discussion: what threat models should we be considering? what is "security" to this group? (Michael Ficarra)
- TCQ
  - use, can be relatively informal
- review prior agenda items: <https://github.com/tc39/tg3/commit/5eba15fcfb218410831351fcde6d037385c459fd#diff-cb714e4b04359f1c7d7b85c01dad2855c23e17decd4ccef53fbd7ee25090590dR35-R54>

clean up of TG3 repo

what is the purpose of TG3 team in GH?

- could be for outside collaborators
- private issues / visibility
- maybe so you could ping them? @tc39/tg3
