# 9th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-08-22

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
| Michael Ficarra  | @michaelficarra | MF  | F5          |
| Jordan Harband   | @ljharb         | JHD | N/A         |
| Chip Morningstar | @FUDCo          | CM  | Agoric      |
| Mathieu Hofman   | @mhofman        | MAH | Agoric      |
| Mark S. Miller   | @erights        | MM  | Agoric      |
| Jack Works       | @jack-works     | JWK | Sujitech    |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |

## Agenda

- review of previous agenda and action items

- MF: discussed w/ 262 editors re: where to refer to VD policy, determined that the 262 spec is not a good place to publicize
  - no objections
- MF: feedback received re: accepting VD, conclusion: premature bc don't have a shared understanding of what constitutes a vuln.
  - CDA: defining what is a vuln, and in what context, is nuanced. we shouldn't attempt to define this precisely and draw a line in the sand on what we will accept or not accept. don't want to discourage reporting. we anticipate very little reporting, but can revisit this if this changes.
  - MM: it may be a spec issue that warrants addressing, even if not explicitly a vuln.
  - JHD: group s/b triage, direct reporter to appropriate place, unless unable/unwilling, etc.
  - CDA: VD policy s/b minimal
  - CM: hypothetical vuln in spec -> potential vuln in multiple implementations
    - MAH: how do implementations deal w/ this?
  - MM: in practice, act as router
  - JHD: need to have shared understanding w/ orgs, etc
  - MF: we don't need to be comprehensive â€¦?
  - JWK: it's very uncommon that there is a security bug in spec since ecma262 does not have IO
- MF: review security impact of: <https://github.com/tc39/proposal-resizablearraybuffer>
  - CM: I have a (non-rigorous) intuition that implementations are going to be bug farms
- JHD: TG3 should perhaps help maximize automated verification tooling, eg esmeta (which is now used on 262), jmdyck's spec parser, WF's grammar checker, etc; wrt SAB, something to verify the memory model would be amazingly helpful.

- agendas
  - MM: having a central place for upcoming meeting agendae is very helpful
  - JHD: automation (or manual process) that generates an agenda from open issues in GH
  - backlog.md is the central place atm, but we should probably create specific meeting date agendas
    - group agrees
- MM: re: invariants: people are enthusiastic about subject, but we have made no progress. how to make progress?
  - MM proposes: sometimes invariants -- explicit list of exceptions -- lack of hidden primordial state, e.g. state that is mutable after Object.freeze
    - we have a small num of exceptions, trying to not introduce hidden primordial state
    - having the invariant helps us catch violations. introducing new hidden primordial state should require discussion at plenary
  - JHD: intrinsic all the things
  - MM: if an early system, e.g. SES wants to replace some intrinsics, but has to replace/substitute -- if it's only serving the hidden intrinsics...
    - JHD paraphrase: if something wants to virtualize a non-hidden intrinsic, then if only hidden intrinsics are enumerated, they would not have to also virtualize getIntrinsics.
    - supports SYG's position
