# 11th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-10-11

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| Jordan Harband   | @ljharb         | JHD | N/A         |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |
| Kris Kowal       | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |
| Mark Miller      | @erights        | MM  | Agoric      |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                                     | Presenter(s)     |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| review of previous agenda and action items                | Jordan Harband   |
| obtained consensus on making TG3 repo public              | Jordan Harband   |

### review of previous agenda and action items

### obtained consensus on making TG3 repo public

This will happen soon.

## Open Forum

### Get Intrinsics update

- review of proposal status from plenary
- general agreement that API-design-wise, list should be "all", but ack that this is not a compelling argument
- MM: smaller list might be simpler for SES, because fewer things in the list means fewer forced replacements of `getIntrinsic` itself
- Possible paths to pursue: WASM; test impl with Moddable?
