# 5th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2022-04-14

Jack Works - Provide an overview of the New Integrity Level

Jordan - That makes sense why we wouldn’t want a protocol. If we had a protocol then we would have to verify that the users are using it correctly. There’s no way for an object to validate that my object is immutable. I think that almost every built in type should be inheritable.

Mark Mill - I think the term immutable raises a bunch of issues here. Is there any invariant that you can stake across. Not useful unless you can

Mathieu Hofman & Jack Work - There’s no standard for this.

Jordan - The web will follow a similar pattern for it’s built-ins. We shouldn’t need 15 proposals.

Mark - Harmonize this with the read-only collections proposal. Trying to find something across collections and other things. If we can find raw classes that enable describing a meaningful notion of stability.

Jordan - Talking about the Built-in table Jack is showing on the screen

Mark - We have to make it an open protocol, so that everything is transparent through the proxy.

Jack - Would that cause problems with proxy

Jordan - Proxies are already not transparent. Membrane environment - proxies are transparent

Mark - The constraint that we have maintained and that I insist on. Proxies have not been transparent. Membranes enable transparency. Replacing built-ins are far beyond….

Jack - …

Mark - If I can freeze …

Jordan -

Jack - Map-sets share a similar API and can do classification on data structures.

—

Mark - When the map is born it is neither committed to being immutable or no longer mutable. If you opt out o

Jordan - It was a mistake ES6 make on locking …

–

Mark - Mark suggests that we move to Zoom. That we be able to record.

Mathieu - What times work best for the majority of the group.

Jack Works: 8am PT works for them

V8 -
