# 16th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2024-02-27

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | ----------- | --- | ----------- |
| Mark Miller      | @erights    | MM  | Agoric      |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042  | RGN | Agoric      |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip     | CDA | IBM         |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                                                           | Presenter(s)     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| ? structs update ?                                                              |                  |
| review issues in security repo                                                  | Chris de Almeida |
| does TC39 need a formal security review for proposals? [related issue][related] |                  |

- structs meeting on March 4 -- meeting is on TC39 private calendar

### review issues in security repo

- discussed array index accessors and @@Species
- index accessors: 5% usage in 2017 is now over 30% in 2024, likely due to use in popular lib(s)
  - <https://chromestatus.com/metrics/feature/timeline/popularity/2238>

### misc discussion

- discussed Promise.resolve re-entrancy hazard
- discussed harden and stabilize
  - will be discussed at tomorrow (2-28) SES meeting
- should we advertise TG3 meetings in Reflector?
  - sure, couldn't hurt
- APAC-friendly meetings are not well-attended, with zero APAC-located attendees for several months
  - propose switching the APAC-friendly-time meeting to an EMEA-friendly-time meeting
    - until the need arises again for an APAC-friendly-time meeting

[related]: https://github.com/tc39/security/issues/4
