# 17th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2024-03-13

## Folks

| Name      | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation  |
| --------- | --------------- | --- | ------------ |
| Full Name | @githubUsername | FNE | organization |
|           |                 |     |              |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                                                           | Presenter(s)     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| TG3 meeting on public calendar?                                                 | Chris de Almeida |
| ? structs update ?                                                              |                  |
| review issues in security repo                                                  | Chris de Almeida |
| does TC39 need a formal security review for proposals? [related issue][related] |                  |
|                                                                                 |                  |

### review issues in security repo

- index accessors: 5% usage in 2017 is now over 30% in 2024, likely due to use in popular lib(s)
  - <https://chromestatus.com/metrics/feature/timeline/popularity/2238>

[related]: https://github.com/tc39/security/issues/4
