# 34th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2024-08-21

## Folks

| Present | Name                   | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| :-----: | ---------------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
|    ✓    | Chip Morningstar       | @FUDCo          | CM  | Consensys   |
|    ✓    | Chris de Almeida       | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
|    ✓    | Eli Grey               | @eligrey        |     | Transcend   |
|    ✓    | Jordan Harband         | @ljharb         | JHD | HeroDevs    |
|    ✓    | Jovonni Smith-Martinez | @Jovonni        | JSM | Agoric      |
|    ✓    | Kris Kowal             | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |
|    ✓    | Mark Miller            | @erights        | MM  | Agoric      |
|    ✓    | Mathieu Hofman         | @mhofman        | MHN | Agoric      |
|    ✓    | Michael Ficarra        | @michaelficarra | MF  | F5          |
|    ✓    | Peter Hoddie           | @phoddie        | PHE | Moddable    |
|    ✓    | Richard Gibson         | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |
|    ✓    | Ulises Gascón          | @UlisesGascon   |     | One Beyond  |

## Agenda

discussion of private issue
JSC and SM -- rope them in

develop list of security focals
for plenary action: list of security focals

issue should be an advisory -- it's possible someone will introduce a security issue in an impl
