# 18th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2024-03-20

## Folks

> [!NOTE]
> Add a ✓ to the `Present` column in the table below, and add anyone missing. Also add to [the template](../template.md) and [GitHub team](https://github.com/orgs/tc39/teams/tg3) if the individual is a regular attendee.

| Present | Name               | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ------- | ------------------ | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| ✓       | Chip Morningstar   | @FUDCo          | CM  |             |
| ✓       | Chris de Almeida   | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
| ✓       | Daniel Ehrenberg   | @littledan      | DE  | Bloomberg   |
| ✓       | Eli Grey           | @eligrey        |     | Transcend   |
| ✓       | Jordan Harband     | @ljharb         | JHD | HeroDevs    |
| ✓       | Kris Kowal         | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |
| ✓       | Mathieu Hofman     | @mhofman        | MHN | Agoric      |
| ✓       | Nicolò Ribaudo     | @nicolo-ribaudo | NRO | Igalia      |
| ✓       | Richard Gibson     | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |
| ✓       | Saleh A. Motaal    | @SMotaal        |     |             |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                      | Presenter(s)     |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------- |
| review of previous agenda and action items |                  |
| `Array.isTemplateObject()` / Trusted Types | Daniel Ehrenberg |

### review of previous agenda and action items

- meeting recordings
  - we need a written policy regarding this.  also needed for TC54.  convenors will work with DE/Ecma/TC54 on this.
  - need a place for hosting recordings

### `Array.isTemplateObject()` / Trusted Types

- Useful for Trusted Types, which may soon ship cross-browser
- [Old hold-up](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-array-is-template-object/issues/10)
- [Recent history](https://github.com/w3c/trusted-types/issues/398)

### contributors to TC/TG need to sign RFTG agreement, etc

- Ecma has some TODOs here
  - possibly need IE, not sure
  - DE: same policies should apply to outside collaborators
  - DE: not sure who has signed agreements, we have a TC form, Ecma has another form

### TG3 meeting on public calendar?

- can we add to public calendar?
  - yes
- should invite list be private?
  - no objections to public
  - need to ask DPV
