# 8th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-08-09

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
| Mark Miller      | @erights        | MM  | Agoric      |
| Kris Kowal       | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |
| Michael Ficarra  | @michaelficarra | MF  | F5          |
| Daniel Veditz    | @dveditz        | DV  | Mozilla     |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |

## Agenda

- review of previous agenda and action items

- is there anything in particular folks want to tackle first? perhaps more importantly, is there anything time-sensitive that we need to discuss sooner rather than later?

- incoming and outgoing vulnerability disclosure policy
  - do we want TC39/TG3 to accept report?
    - yes
  - only have one central point for reporting
    - GH (path of least resistance)
  - who?
    - if GH is the reporting mechanism, then GH owners will see it (no matter what)
      - GH owners are: TG1 chairs + admin (JHD)
        - +1 from KKL, MF, DV to allow chairs+admin to see disclosures
      - consensus to designate a VD team?
        - +1 from DV, MM, CDA
        - do we have quorum?
          - yes
        - this should go to TG1 for ratification
      - initial VD team:
        - chairs+admin
    - reporting group can expand the circle of folks reviewing the disclosures as needed
  - inventory of security focals (and reporting addresses for vendors) for expanded disclosure as needed, so we are not scrambling when we receive a VD that needs escalation
    - DV
    - KKL: group s/b security leads from Ecma members
  - KKL: role for group for VD is to fix issues (262) prior to release. coordinate fix across vendors in advance of publishing
  - MM: explicitly state in VD policies that because if we are using GH reporting, then GH presumably has access to these data
  - MM: if an org has joined a standards group bc they disagree w/ the group and want to impede the org (hostile) (e.g. ES4)
    - was viewed as disruptive but was actually a good thing
  - how does vuln disclosure work wrt stage 3 proposals that may be undergoing implementation, already implemented, polyfills, etc?
  - people can mistakenly report
  - disclosure for issues with spec itself vs implementation
    - MF: not only discuss this in docs, but also link to the appropriate places to report
  - KKL: recently had VD at Agoric that did not go through ideal channel and resulted in the need to broadcast the VD/security policies more conspicuously
  - MF: where to publicize disclosure policy
    - TC39 org readme
    - tc39.es
    - each spec readme
      - add to template
    - TG3 repo
    - include in the specs themselves?
    - ecma-international.org
  - MM: Agoric early on had something inconsequential, so if they bundled it, it wouldn't matter and used that as a canary for first disclosure
    - KKL: has an example we could potentially use [REDACTED]
