# 6th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-06-27

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
| Kris Kowal       | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |
| Mark Miller      | @erights        | MM  | Agoric      |
| Mathieu Hofman   | @mhofman        | MAH | Agoric      |
| Daniel Veditz    | @dveditz        | DVE | Mozilla     |
| Michael Ficarra  | @michaelficarra | MF  | F5          |
| Chip Morningstar | @FUDCo          | CM  | Agoric      |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |

## Agenda

### chair(s) vacancy

- proposed group: CDA, JHD

### consideration of future meeting frequency and length, APAC-friendly times

- SES mtg: 10-11 TZ?
  - once a month, in lieu of SES mtg, use slot for TG3
- ACTION: CDA - speak w/ Jack Works and hax on ideal time options for an APAC-friendly mtg

### tombstoning TG3 room

- create new room
- tombstone old room
- switch room id for archival

### Electing a Speaker for TG3

- is this different than the chair group?
- MF reluctantly volunteers

### Future agenda

- reviewed past agendae and other items
  - content moved to [backlog.md](/meetings/backlog.md)

### use of TCQ

- TG has agreed to use, can be relatively informal

### what is the purpose of TG3 team in GH?

- could be for outside collaborators
- private issues / visibility
- maybe so you could ping them? @tc39/tg3
