# 10th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-09-13

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ----------- |
| Michael Ficarra  | @michaelficarra | MF  | F5          |
| Jordan Harband   | @ljharb         | JHD | N/A         |
| Dan Veditz       | @dveditz        | DPV | Mozilla     |
| Mathieu Hofman   | @mhofman        | MAH | Agoric      |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric      |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM         |
| Kris Kowal       | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric      |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                                     | Presenter(s)     |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| review of previous agenda and action items                | Chris de Almeida |
| seeking consensus on making TG3 repo public               | Chris de Almeida |
| seeking consensus on TC39 vulnerability disclosure policy | Chris de Almeida |
| update and review [report to TG1](/reports/2023/09.md)    | Chris de Almeida |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This will be the last TG3 meeting before plenary; our regularly scheduled APAC-friendly meeting overlaps with plenary.

### review of previous agenda and action items

### seeking consensus on making TG3 repo public

+1 MAH, DPV, CDA, JHD

### seeking consensus on TC39 vulnerability disclosure policy

[draft policy](/docs/draft-SECURITY.md)

- add to policy: links to most relevant reporting resources (engines, platforms)
  - v8
  - spidermonkey
  - node
  - jsc

consensus reached on modified policy revised during meeting

### update and review [report to TG1](/reports/2023/09.md)

- MF is scheduled to present on our behalf; confirm still ok
- ACTION: create slides

### other

- ACTION: CDA: look at new google meet settings to avoid host gatekeeping
