# 12th Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2023-11-08

## Folks

| Name             | GH Username     | TLA | Affiliation  |
| ---------------- | --------------- | --- | ------------ |
| Chris de Almeida | @ctcpip         | CDA | IBM          |
| Chip Morningstar | @FUDCo          | CM  | Agoric       |
| Richard Gibson   | @gibson042      | RGN | Agoric       |
| Mark Miller      | @erights        | MM  | Agoric       |
| Kris Kowal       | @kriskowal      | KKL | Agoric       |
| Dan Veditz       | @dveditz        | DPV | Mozilla      |

## Agenda

> [!NOTE]
> See [backlog.md](../backlog.md) for outstanding action items and agenda topics.

| Topic                                                                       | Presenter(s)     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| review of previous agenda and action items                                  |                  |
| review of TG3 discussion from plenary (consensus items and pending actions) | Chris de Almeida |

### review of previous agenda and action items

### review of TG3 discussion from plenary (consensus items and pending actions)

unresolved issue from SYG re: wording: use of the term 'vulnerability' wrt the specification.  need a better term to resolve before formally publishing the VD policy
