# 1st Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2021-09-08

-----

**Remote attendees:**
| Name              | Abbreviation | Organization |
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Granville Schmidt | GRS          | F5           |
| Mark S. Miller    | MM           | Agoric       |
| Michael Ficarra   | MF           | F5           |
| Shu-yu Guo        | SYG          |              |
| Kris Kowal        | KKL          |              |
| Mathieu Hofman    | MAH          |              |
| Jack Works        | JWK          |              |
| Daniel Veditz     | DVE          |              |
| Chyi Pin Lim      | LCP          |              |
| Chip Morningstar  | CM           |              |
| Peter Hoddie      | PHE          |              |
| Leo Balter        | LEO          |              |
| Yulia Startsev    | YSV          |              |

## Meeting

1. GRS: Consensus to use TCQ for meetings?
   1. Consensus received
2. GRS: Consensus on monthly meetings and regroup at a later point in time once we have more data.
   1. Consensus received
3. Discussion on meeting times:
   1. JWK: 22:00 to 11:00 of the next day in EDT (UTC -4)
   2. MF: Stagger time similar to TG1. Bias toward US timezones where most participants are.
   3. KKL: 10 am time slot was good for US and Europe. If we alternate between time slots consistently, it would be easy to remember.
   4. YSV: 1 hour earlier recommended. It would allow more participants to attend.
   5. LEO: Biased toward having a fixed timeslot. Parenting duties.
   6. GRS: Consensus to alternate hours for meetings.
      1. Consensus received
4. What should we initially focus on?
   1. YSV:
      1. I need to consult my colleagues. Also, <https://github.com/WICG/uuid/issues/23>.
      2. Invariants work should be revisited
   2. MM:
      1. Supply chain risk. The greatest risk that JS should address. NPM reports that only 3% are only specific to the application and 97% are libraries.
      2. Bridge to TC-53 and device security.
      3. TC-53 and Moddable have done an excellent job
      4. Strong encapsulation is needed. Threat models are adversarial. Treat libraries as an adversary.
   3. MF:
      1. Nailing down language invariance.
      2. Explore language capabilities that are undeniable, not virtualizable.
   4. KKL:
      1. Shu - Include auditing proposals to language that may impact security.
   5. JWK:
      1. Realms - Difficult to add to NPM package
      2. Compartments
      3. The real problem is how to make the community adopt those APIs
   6. MM
      1. Existing code can run in hardened mode.
5. GRS: What video conference should we use?
   1. GRS: Agreed to look into 8x8 and Google premium
   2. MF:
      1. Jitsy has captions
      2. Google has the best voice to text
      3. Google has strict policy to never use Zoom
6. GRS: How should we structure our agenda?
   1. MF: Some structure, but not the structure that TG1. Since the group is tasked with security focussed reviews, we should review existing proposal reviews before any additional topics.
   2. KKL: Add slot in plenary to request proposal reviews.
   3. JWK: Is it possible to learn from other TGs?
   4. PHE: Set agenda well in advance to ensure we get Browser participation.
   5. GRS: Agreed to reach out to TG1 to get an agenda item for TG3
7. GRS: Should we have an agenda cut off time?
   1. GRS: Consensus received to not have a cut off time (require PR to update agenda)
   2. MM: Allow to be more free form
   3. CM: We should adopt heavier weight processes on an as needed basis
8. GRS: Meeting adjourned
