# 2nd Meeting of TC39-TG3 - 2021-11-10

-----

**Remote attendees:**
| Name              | Abbreviation | Organization |
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Granville Schmidt | GRS          | F5           |
| Mark S. Miller    | MM           | Agoric       |
| Michael Ficarra   | MF           | F5           |
| Shu-yu Guo        | SYG          |              |
| Kris Kowal        | KKL          |              |
| Mathieu Hofman    | MAH          |              |
| Jack Works        | JWK          |              |
| Daniel Veditz     | DVE          |              |
| Chyi Pin Lim      | LCP          |              |
| Chip Morningstar  | CM           |              |
| Peter Hoddie      | PHE          |              |
| Leo Balter        | LEO          |              |
|                   |              |              |

## Meeting

1. GRS: Main agenda item: What threat models should we be considering? what is "security" to this group?
1. MF: The thing I wanted to talk about was what strategies people use and what features people rely on to write secure programs today. To do that, we're going to have to agree on what we mean by security first. Maybe we could get to the real topic I care about later if we have time.
1. MM: shared <https://agoric.com/blog/all/taxonomy-of-security-issues/> regarding security around JS
1. MM: Suggest using doc as a starting point (baseline) for discussion and gave a synopsis of the document.
1. MF: Does anyone have a notion of security or threat model that they are considering that doesn't fit into MM's framework?
1. GD: Confidentiality integrity and availability should be the model we care about.
1. SYG: From vendor, security concerns come from optimizing compiler , type confusion.. (need Shu to fill out.. Too fast too deep) Touches on how once one of the topics is compromised…
1. MM: memory safety is a foundation for any security
1. MF: During the first TG3 meeting we discussed adding a security review during stage three of proposals. We may want to address this topic again.
1. MF: Asked the group if we have general agreement on the
1. GRS: Provided the following end of meeting updates:
   1. An issue has been added to Reflector for the 3rd meeting of TG3.
   2. The initial date chosen was December 1st, 2021. This date can be changed if the majority of the group would prefer a different date.
   3. We’ll start to plan the first meeting of 2022 before the December 2021 meeting.
1. GRS: Asked if we would like to continue using Google Meeting or 8x8 for future meeting.
1. MM: My preference is 8x8.
1. GRS: Consensus for switching to 8x8?
   1. Consensus was received assuming that 8x8 had a transcription mechanism.
1. GRS: Agreed to ensure 8x8 offered the transcription and recording capabilities that we needed and would notify the group via the TC39 TG3 Matrix channel.
1. GRS: Adjourned the meeting.
